Update about-admin-roles.md (#629)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/add-users/about-admin-roles.md

  
A partner can assign these roles:
  

> - Full administration, which has privileges equivalent to a global admin with the exception of managing MFA functionality through the Partner Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Full administration, which has privileges equivalent to a global admin, with the exception of managing MFA functionality through the Partner Center.
```

> - Full administration, which has privileges equivalent to a global admin, with the exception of managing MFA functionality through the Partner Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Full administration, which has privileges equivalent to a global admin. However, full administration does not include permission to manage multi-factor authentication through the Partner Center..
```
